doc: add note re term-size commit on top of npm (#32403)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/maintaining-npm.md

$ git rebase --whitespace=fix master
```

## Step 7: Apply signed term-size commit

The `term-size` package in npm's dependency tree contains an unsigned macOS
binary in versions < 2.2.0. Until npm updates to a newer version of
`update-notifier`, Node.js macOS package files can't be notarized and will fail
to install on macOS Catalina and above.

Where an `npm ls` shows a `term-size` package version < 2.2.0, cherry-pick

> commit `d2f08a1bdb` on to of the new npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `npm ls` shows a `term-size` package version < 2.2.0, cherry-pick
commit `d2f08a1bdb` on top of the upgraded npm.
```

```console
$ git cherry-pick d2f08a1bdb
```

> Where `npm ls` shows a `term-size` package version >= 2.2.0, edit this file to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `npm ls` shows a `term-size` package version >= 2.2.0, edit this file to
```
